Update fraud detection demo (#1224)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/gallery/articles/fraud_detection/index.md

data-keywords: dashboard vizelement layout chart ai multi-page classification enterprise
short-description: A Taipy Application that analyzes credit card transactions to detect fraud.
order: 20
img: fraud_detection/images/Transactions.png
hide:
    - toc
---

> A Taipy Application that analyzes credit card transactions to detect fraud and how users can interact with each other in Taipy.

Reviewer: It does not look like proper English to me. A verbal form is missing somewhere.
something like: 
* A Taipy Application to analyze credit card transactions, detect fraud, and collaborate with other application users.
* A Taipy Application that detects credit card fraud transactions, and exhibits how users can collaborate with each other.
* etc.

    maintain standards of security and customization, these applications are proprietary like this
    application. If you're looking for solutions that are immediately deployable and customizable to
    your business needs, we invite you to try them out and contact us for more detailed information.

    [Try it live](https://fraud-detection.taipy.cloud/Login){: .tp-btn target='blank' }
    [Contact us](https://taipy.io/book-a-call){: .tp-btn .tp-btn--accent target='blank' }

# Understanding the Application

This application displays a list of credit card transactions. A model estimates whether a 
transaction is fraudulent; this task can be automatically handled by a pipeline. However, 
some transactions may require further human review.

![Transactions](images/transactions_page.png){width=90% : .tp-image-border }

Within this page, you can access various analyses and data visualizations:

- List of transactions
- Client information
- Fraud details

This demo includes user management and collaboration features. You need to select one of the 
available users to access the application.

![Users](images/login_page.png){width=90% : .tp-image-border }

> After logging in, you can navigate to your user page to view the transactions assigned to you for 
> investigation. You can see both your past transactions and those requiring your attention. Clicking 
> on a transaction in the table will select it and navigate you to the Analysis page. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After logging in, you can navigate to your user page to view the transactions assigned to you
for investigation. You can see both your past transactions and those requiring your attention.
Clicking on a transaction in the table will select it and navigate you to the Analysis page. 
```

This page also includes a newsfeed showing the application or other users' activities.

![User Page](images/user_page.png){width=90% : .tp-image-border }

> The Analysis page presents several pieces of information. The left section explains the model's 
> results (providing explanations on the model output), the middle section displays details about the 
> transaction, and the right section shows information about the client. Here, you can verify the 
> client's identity using a deep learning model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Analysis page presents several pieces of information. The left section explains the model's
results (providing explanations on the model output), the middle section displays details about
the transaction, and the right section shows information about the client. Here, you can verify
the client's identity using a deep learning model.
```

    application. If you’re looking for solutions that are immediately deployable and customizable to
    your business needs, we invite you to try them out and contact us for more detailed information.

    [Try it live](https://fraud-detection.taipy.cloud/Login){: .tp-btn target='blank' }
    [Contact us](https://taipy.io/book-a-call){: .tp-btn .tp-btn--accent target='blank' }

# Understanding the Application

> This application displays a list of credit card transactions. A model estimates whether a transaction 
> is fraudulent; this task can be automatically handled by a pipeline. However, some transactions may 
> require further human review.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This application displays a list of credit card transactions. A model estimates whether a
transaction is fraudulent; this task can be automatically handled by a pipeline. However, some
transactions may require further human review.
```

![Transactions](images/Transactions.png){width=90% : .tp-image-border }

> Within tis page, you can access various analyses and visualizations of the data:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Within this page, you can access various analyses and data visualizations:
```

- List of transactions
- Client information
- Fraud details

This demo includes user management and collaboration features. You need to select one of the 
available users to access the application.

![Users](images/Users.png){width=90% : .tp-image-border }

After logging in, you can navigate to your user page to view the transactions assigned to you for 
investigation. You can see both your past transactions and those requiring your attention. Clicking 
on a transaction in the table will select it and navigate you to the Analysis page. 

> This page also includes a newsfeed displaying notifications from the application or other users.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page also includes a newsfeed showing the application or other users' activities.
```
